README.md, before:

### Prerequisites (nvm,node and yarn)
    sudo apt install curl
    curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/master/install.sh | bash 
    source ~/.bashrc
    nvm install --lts
    npm install --global yarn

### Simple installation
#### Use this repository as a template (copy the structure to a new repo)
    yarn install
    mkdir -p jsonFiles - create folder for test data storage
    mkdir -p reports - create folder for test post-run reports
    mkdir -p screenshots - create folder for screenshots taken on test failure

#### Folders and files which you need to configure and localize
    /config - your configuration folder, you can create as many profiles for as many envs as needed
    /projectSpecific - folder for both definitions and methods which are project unique
    /tests - your main wrapper for feature folders and files
    multilingualStrings.js - string translations


### Minimum node and yarn versions needed
    Node - v18 (Recommended v20)
    Yarn - v1.22

### Project structure
    config - configuration profiles, separated on folders by environment
    features - Has 3 folders
        lib - Main function definitions
        support - Step defitions, hooks and components
        tests - Gherkin feature suits 
    files - Files used for form uploads
    jsonFiles - Storage of test data
    reports - HTML based status report
    screenshots - screenshots taken on test failure

### Important properties in the config files
    baseUrl - the domain of the tested website
    authUser - basic auth user name (if needed)
    authPass - basic auth user pass (if needed)
    jsonFilePath - custom file name for data storage (if needed)
    tags - test tagging using the expression way:
        @fast	Scenarios tagged with @fast
        @wip and not @slow	Scenarios tagged with @wip that aren’t also tagged with @slow
        @smoke and @fast	Scenarios tagged with both @smoke and @fast
        @gui or @database	Scenarios tagged with either @gui or @database

### Test execution (env is the config folder, profile is the name of the json file)
#### {profile} is the name of the json in the config dir
#### {env} is the folder name in the config dir
    yarn test {profile} {env} - all tests
    yarn test {profile} {env} features/tests/<test> - specific test
    
#### Example - will run all tests using the exampleProfile from the dev folder
    yarn test exampleProfile dev

Commit message:

CUP-8: Adding lighthouse support, updating puppeteer and pa11y.

README.md, after:

### Prerequisites (nvm,node and yarn)
    sudo apt install curl
    curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/master/install.sh | bash 
    source ~/.bashrc
    nvm install --lts
    npm install --global yarn

### Simple installation
#### Use this repository as a template (copy the structure to a new repo)
    yarn install
    mkdir -p jsonFiles - create folder for test data storage
    mkdir -p reports - create folder for test post-run reports
    mkdir -p screenshots - create folder for screenshots taken on test failure

#### Folders and files which you need to configure and localize
    /config - your configuration folder, you can create as many profiles for as many envs as needed
    /projectSpecific - folder for both definitions and methods which are project unique
    /tests - your main wrapper for feature folders and files
    multilingualStrings.js - string translations


### Minimum node and yarn versions needed
    Node - v18 (Recommended v20)
    Yarn - v1.22

### Project structure
    config - configuration profiles, separated on folders by environment
    features - Has 3 folders
        src - Main function definitions
        app - Step defitions, hooks and components
        tests - Gherkin feature suits 
    files - Files used for form uploads
    jsonFiles - Storage of test data
    reports - HTML based status report
    screenshots - screenshots taken on test failure

### Important properties in the config files
    baseUrl - the domain of the tested website
    authUser - basic auth user name (if needed)
    authPass - basic auth user pass (if needed)
    jsonFilePath - custom file name for data storage (if needed)
    tags - test tagging using the expression way:
        @fast	Scenarios tagged with @fast
        @wip and not @slow	Scenarios tagged with @wip that aren’t also tagged with @slow
        @smoke and @fast	Scenarios tagged with both @smoke and @fast
        @gui or @database	Scenarios tagged with either @gui or @database

### Test execution (env is the config folder, profile is the name of the json file)
#### {profile} is the name of the json in the config dir
#### {env} is the folder name in the config dir
#### When you test locally and in headed mode open hooks.js and uncomment the slowMo
    yarn test {profile} {env} - all tests
    yarn test {profile} {env} features/tests/<test> - specific test
    
#### Example - will run all tests using the exampleProfile from the dev folder
    yarn test exampleProfile dev
